Night War God, a swordsman cultivated by my Xiao family
How does it compare to the essence of your temple?
full of energy
Extraordinary sophistication
At first glance, he is a good player who has practiced martial arts for many years
Not much different from the god of war in my temple
Xiao Jiazhi used them to deal with these unknown people
I'm afraid it's a bit overqualified.
Hahaha Bray shot
How can you intimidate the Xiao family?
It seems that my Xiao family has kept a low profile for too long
Any cat or dog dares to provoke
I will use this cold knife today
Severe punishment for maniacs
warn the world
Those who dare to offend the majesty of my Xiao family
You have to endure eight cramps
Life is worse than death
Family Head Xiao
Today, my nine clans and the head of the Xiao family were judged to death together
But before that
Please allow me to continue killing that unicorn first
To swear to the world
This Zhu Linyan
Please
Put the remaining unicorn
Bring it all to me
Mr. Ye, this unicorn cannot be touched.
Yes, Luo Yujin was successfully busy in his hand
What are you afraid of?
All you have lost
My god will self-destruct
You have a small loss.
My Xiao family would rather fill holes for you
That's very nice.
Things are fickle
Those so-called damnation and punishment
It's just the wrong version.
I, Ye Qingmei, never believe in these gods and ghosts
I only believe
Man conquers heaven
Ye Qingmei, do you think about it?
Once the sword cuts down the stone statue
The anger of your unicorn will surge like thunder
As the god of war
Can't deal with the consequences of spirits
You are less majestic here Song Qing
Your nonsense doesn't work anymore
If you divorce your marriage
You can repent again
And admit this absurd and comical emotion
Be new
Maybe I'll give you a good living
Let you live a rich and worry-free life
But now.
You only deserve to fall into this endless hell
sword